##### Scenario 
Alice took accounting in secondary school and learned specific definitions for particular accounting terms and techniques. Once she got to university, she took more accounting courses and found that some of the same terms and techniques were being used to mean something different. Alice was having difficulty following  
lectures and understanding the related readings that focused on these terms and techniques. She knew of the importance to link new information with prior knowledge to help remember the new information, but in this instance, she realized that having what she thought was relevant prior knowledge was making her attempts to remember and learn the new information more difficult. In trying to make sense of her lectures within her accounting course, she would rewrite her notes from class immediately that night after class. She thought by rewriting the notes verbatim this would help her remember the notes, prepare her for the tests, and clarify any misunderstandings. However, Alice found that she still had difficulty remembering her notes and consequently not doing as well on her tests. The test formats within her university accounting courses were also quite different to the test formats within the secondary school accounting courses. In secondary school accounting tests, she was typically given the formula related to specific accounting techniques and she had to solve the formula. In contrast, at university, the tests typically included an accounting scenario and she had to identify the critical financial issues/concerns within the scenario and then address these through the application of accounting techniques.
##### Answer